
==== NAME ====

Posy::Plugin::EntryTitles - Posy plugin to cache entry titles.


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``0.51'' of Posy::Plugin::EntryTitles.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

This is a "utility" plugin to be used by other plugins; it maintains a list
(and cache) of entry titles in $self->{titles} which can be used by other
plugins (such as Posy::Plugin::NearLinks).

It provides an action method "index_titles" which should be put after
"index_entries" in the action list.

This plugin is useful not only for efficiency reasons, but it means that
other plugins don't have to know how to extract the title from a given
format of file; the title for a HTML file, for example, is not parsed in the
same way as that for a plain text file. Those who wish to introduce
additional formats need only override the "get_title" method and everything
will work just as smoothly. Ah, inheritance, I love it.


==   Configuration   ==

The following config values can be set:

``titles_cachefile''
The full name of the file to be used to store the cache. Most people can
just leave this at the default.


==   Parameters   ==

This plugin will do reindexing the first time it is run, or if it detects
that there are files in the main file index which are new. Full or partial
reindexing can be forced by setting the the following parameters:

reindex_all
    /cgi-bin/posy.cgi?reindex_all=1

Does a full reindex of all files in the data_dir directory, clearing the
existing information and starting again.

reindex
    /cgi-bin/posy.cgi?reindex=1

Updates information for new files only.

reindex_cat
    /cgi-bin/posy.cgi?reindex_cat=stories/buffy

Does an additive reindex of all files under the given category. Does not
delete files from the index. Useful to call when you know you've just
updated/added files in a particular category index, and don't want to have
to reindex the whole site.

delindex
    /cgi-bin/posy.cgi?delindex=1

Deletes files from the index if they no longer exist. Useful when you've
deleted files but don't want to have to reindex the whole site.


==== INSTALLATION ====

Installation needs will vary depending on the particular setup a person has.


==   Administrator, Automatic   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, then the dead simple method of
installing the modules is to use the CPAN or CPANPLUS system.

    cpanp -i Posy::Plugin::EntryTitles

This will install this plugin in the usual places where modules get
installed when one is using CPAN(PLUS).


==   Administrator, By Hand   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, but don't wish to use the
CPAN(PLUS) method, then this is for you. Take the *.tar.gz file and untar it
in a suitable directory.

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

Or, if you're on a platform (like DOS or Windows) that doesn't like the "./"
notation, you can do this:

   perl Build.PL
   perl Build
   perl Build test
   perl Build install


==   User With Shell Access   ==

If you are a user on a system, and don't have root/administrator access, you
need to install Posy somewhere other than the default place (since you don't
have access to it). However, if you have shell access to the system, then
you can install it in your home directory.

Say your home directory is "/home/fred", and you want to install the modules
into a subdirectory called "perl".

Download the *.tar.gz file and untar it in a suitable directory.

    perl Build.PL --install_base /home/fred/perl
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

This will install the files underneath /home/fred/perl.

You will then need to make sure that you alter the PERL5LIB variable to find
the modules, and the PATH variable to find the scripts (posy_one,
posy_static).

Therefore you will need to change: your path, to include
/home/fred/perl/script (where the script will be)

        PATH=/home/fred/perl/script:${PATH}

the PERL5LIB variable to add /home/fred/perl/lib

        PERL5LIB=/home/fred/perl/lib:${PERL5LIB}


==== REQUIRES ====

    Posy
    Posy::Core

    Test::More


==== AUTHOR ====

    Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT)
    perlkat AT katspace dot com
    http://www.katspace.com


==== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ====

Copyright (c) 2004-2005 by Kathryn Andersen

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

